README.md, before:

## Type B QPO seen from MAXI J1820.

For the mean spectrum fit model and parameters please see the [wiki](https://github.com/davis191/J1820_RNAAS/wiki).

## Introduction
MAXI J1820+070, hereafter J1820, is a low-mass X-ray binary (LMXB) that likely contains a stellar black hole {Torres_2019}. 
Its optical counterpart, ASASSN-18ey was discovered by **ASAS-SN** Shappee_2014 on 2018 March 06 Tucker_2018. 
Six days later on 2018 March 11, a bright X-ray transient was detected by **MAXI** {Matsuoka_2009} at the same location {Kawamuro_2018}. 
During its 2018 outburst, J1820 was observed in a multi-wavelength campaign by telescopes like *NICER*, a soft X-ray telescope with 150 eV energy resolution and 100 ns timing resolution {Gendreau_2016}.
\NICER\ began observing J1820 on 2018 March 12 and continued for more than 123 days, yielding unprecedented coverage of the outburst of J1820 {Homan_HEAD}.

LMXBs like J1820 are known to exhibit quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs). 
A QPO is a rapidly varying signal that appears in the power spectrum as a Lorentzian-shaped component on top of the noise {ingram2020review}.
Low-frequency QPOs (0.1–20\,Hz) from black holes can be divided into subcategories based on the noise profile and presence of a harmonic, and the emission mechanism for them is still not fully understood.
% It could be that low-frequency QPOs originate from geometric effects like general relativistic Lense-Thirring precession of the Comptonizing region {Stella_1998},  be it a hot inner accretion flow {Ingram_2009,Ingram_2016} or the base of a relativistic jet {Liska2018}. 
% Other theories include a magnetically-driven accretion-ejection instability {varniere2002}.
For discussion on both QPO types and emission theories, see {Motta_2016} and {ingram2020review}. 
This analysis focused on a Type-B QPO found while J1820 was in the soft-intermediate state, aiming to validate or rule out possible QPO emission mechanisms by performing phase-resolved spectroscopy as in {Stevens_2018}. 

Please see the RNAAS for information regarding analysis.

Commit message:

Added Abstract, source links still needed

README.md, after:

## Type B QPO seen from MAXI J1820.

For the mean spectrum fit model and parameters please see the [wiki](https://github.com/davis191/J1820_RNAAS/wiki).
The full abstract and introduction are below. Due to a strict word limit, we had to cut much of introduction out of our publication.

## Abstract
Black hole X-ray binaries are known to exhibit variability in their light curves on timescales as short as milliseconds to as long as months.
The short-timescale variability can be in the form of quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs), which may be produced by general relativistic effects.
In this work, we looked at low-frequency QPOs from an exciting recent black hole transient, MAXI J1820+070, which first went into outburst in 2018. 
This source was observed in a multi-wavelength campaign that included the *NICER* mission, a soft X-ray telescope attached to the International Space Station. 
In our analysis, we applied X-ray timing and spectral-timing techniques to help place constraints on the QPO emission mechanism in the extreme environment surrounding the black hole.
Although the QPO amplitude was too low to carry out phase-resolved spectroscopy, our work indicates that weak QPOs such as this one may be present in the light curves of many sources. 

## Introduction
MAXI J1820+070, hereafter J1820, is a low-mass X-ray binary (LMXB) that likely contains a stellar black hole {Torres_2019}. 
Its optical counterpart, ASASSN-18ey was discovered by **ASAS-SN** Shappee_2014 on 2018 March 06 Tucker_2018. 
Six days later on 2018 March 11, a bright X-ray transient was detected by **MAXI** {Matsuoka_2009} at the same location {Kawamuro_2018}. 
During its 2018 outburst, J1820 was observed in a multi-wavelength campaign by telescopes like *NICER*, a soft X-ray telescope with 150 eV energy resolution and 100 ns timing resolution {Gendreau_2016}.
\NICER\ began observing J1820 on 2018 March 12 and continued for more than 123 days, yielding unprecedented coverage of the outburst of J1820 {Homan_HEAD}.

LMXBs like J1820 are known to exhibit quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs). 
A QPO is a rapidly varying signal that appears in the power spectrum as a Lorentzian-shaped component on top of the noise {ingram2020review}.
Low-frequency QPOs (0.1–20\,Hz) from black holes can be divided into subcategories based on the noise profile and presence of a harmonic, and the emission mechanism for them is still not fully understood.
% It could be that low-frequency QPOs originate from geometric effects like general relativistic Lense-Thirring precession of the Comptonizing region {Stella_1998},  be it a hot inner accretion flow {Ingram_2009,Ingram_2016} or the base of a relativistic jet {Liska2018}. 
% Other theories include a magnetically-driven accretion-ejection instability {varniere2002}.
For discussion on both QPO types and emission theories, see {Motta_2016} and {ingram2020review}. 
This analysis focused on a Type-B QPO found while J1820 was in the soft-intermediate state, aiming to validate or rule out possible QPO emission mechanisms by performing phase-resolved spectroscopy as in {Stevens_2018}. 

Please see the RNAAS for information regarding analysis.
